This file contains plans, ideas, and general ramblings regarding future updates to this program.

Current priorities:
Error Handling -- creating more specialized exceptions, handling issues that don't raise errors but cause real problems
    (for instance, player capitalization/name changes)

Creating a better system for team input:
    While the specially-formatted csv system works, it is annoying to upkeep and vulnerable to human error in terms of
    having to manually add and remove players from rosters week by week.
    It would be far more useful to have team management built in to the program, with its own gui implementation.
    This would also allow for implementation of a player draft system into the program, as well as trades and others.

    A great resource for determining the valid players for this system is the home page for each split
    (example: https://lol.gamepedia.com/LCS/2020_Season/Spring_Season); this page has the rosters for each team and seems
    to be updated whenever a player is substituted into a game, containing all the players to play all the positions for
    each team this season. By building player objects from this data from the very start, we can avoid previously nasty
    bugs related to faulty team input (such as starting players in positions the never played). However, I do not know how
    the wiki will handle players that change positions mid-season (as G2 has been rumored to, with Caps and PERKZ swapping
    between mid and bot roles), so that is a potential issue that will have to be investigated.
    (UPDATE: after looking through past season pages, I found that mid-season roleswap players in the past have a single
    team entry, and multiple position symbols in that entry, as in P1 slooshi in summer 2016; must account for that. It
    may be difficult to scrape lane identities from these seemingly-unnamed symbols, but I will try my best).
    (UPDATE 2: I have looked into how to identify the players' roles from scraping, and it seems to not be possible to find
    it from the roles on the main page; however, when link to edit the page is selected, the text on the edit page gives
    all the information needed, even though editing is impossible when the visitor is not a user. This is a possible, if
    messy, workaround, if a better method of finding player roles is not identified.)
    (UPDATE 3: The method described in update 2 was found to be inconsistent, due to the differences in roster locations
    across pages making it hard to access them with a formatted url. However, I have found that it is easy to identify role
    icons and other information in the Team Rosters tab of each season, example: https://lol.gamepedia.com/LEC/2020_Season/Spring_Season/Team_Rosters,
    so I will endeavor to use this information. For the specific issue of finding players who have multiple roster locations,
    I pattern I can use is the rowspan argument for the data: a player with multiple positions will have rowspan>1.)